- [Instructor] We've deployed a Kubernetes deployment
and a Kubernetes service using two separate manifest files.
But more often than not, we would like
to deploy them as a single manifest file.
Let's see how we can achieve that.
I'm in the workspace directory.
Let's go to manifests, standalone directory,
and we will look at greeting.yaml.
Now this greeting.yaml, has exact same
deployment manifest that we explained earlier.
On line 24 is our key message here,
where we're doing three dashes,
basically showing that this is a new resource
is starting from here onwards.
And then line 25 onwards, of course, is our service.
So essentially, you can put as many Kubernetes objects
in a single manifest file separated
by three dashes over here.
So let's go ahead and deploy this manifest
as one single file.
So kubectl create dash F, you guessed it right,
greeting.yaml, just one file.
And as you can see, the message has changed,
it's creating deployment and service for us.
And let me show you a different command as well.
How do we get access to these?
So, service, deployment and pods.
In one command, you can get access
to all of these objects together.
And, once again, you have your service greeting created,
accessible and local host, deployment.
All status looks good and powered,
once again, up and running.
So, let's goo ahead and access our service here.
Local host and hello, and we get the same response back.
So that is really cool.
It allows us to combine our multiple Kubernetes resources
into a single manifest file.
Now let's also understand how we can delete
all of these resources together.
Of course, we can say kubectl delete
dash F greeting.yaml, but we can also say
kubectl delete, and I can say deployment slash greeting
because that's the name I gave to the deployment,
and similarly, service slash greeting
because that's the name of my service.
This will delete both deployment and service.
And, once again, if I try to access service,
deployment and pods, none of them is available
at least for my application.